Here we have a CloudFormation script that we're going to use to verify that
we can deploy infrastructure as code through a script.
But before we do that,
I want to go to the console and show you how to do it manually so that
you understand the reasoning behind why are we doing this.
So let's go to the AWS Console.
Here we are in the main screen for the AWS console,
I'm going to click on VPC.
I'll select our VPC from our region and I'll click the Create VPC button.
In the name tag, I'll just give it a random name.
I'll call it UdacityVPC1.
On the CIDR block, I'm just going to use 10.0.1.0/16.
You don't need to worry about this value right now.
This is just a random IP address space
that we're going to use for our simulated resource.
We see we get an error message.
It says it must be a valid Ipv4 CIDR range.
This is very important that we get this message,
because what this means is as something
that could happen if you're actually doing it in the real world,
you would potentially have an error situation because we're typing a value.
So let's correct that.
Want to change this into a zero,
and now we get it to work.
Now, right away, you saw one of the benefits of
having a scripted infrastructure is that if we get an error message,
that's only going to have ambiguous,
I'm manually typing in values.
If you have a scripted infrastructure as code that you have run over and over again,
everything should be fine because you know you already deployed in tests and it works,
so when you deploy in production,
it's going to be fine.
So what we're going to do now is we're going to get rid of this resource that we
created and we're going to do the same thing but we're going to use the script.
As you'll see, it's a lot more predictable and less risk of making an error.
So I'll click select my VPC that I just created.
I click Delete, and that was deleted right away.
Now we'll go back to our code editor.
Looking at our code here,
you'll see here in line 6 is a VPC.
We're creating the exact same thing that we just did,
and we have the exact same value for the CIDR block.
Again don't worry about what any of these means at this time
because we're going to go over in detail in the next lesson.
But for right now we're trying to create
these resource and that's what we're going to do.
We're going to take this file,
we're going to execute it, and we're going to see if it creates the exact same thing.